what is this no okay um I had some
leftover hamburger me because I had to
thought that whole big ol thing a
hamburger me so I thought that no no
people don't planning on want to turkey
for Thanksgiving or ham or whatever okay
I want to do the meatloaf right quick
okay
real easy just like I always say that
here I'm putting this on a wet this
right quick okay let that like that with
this one you'll need that much okay
check to see how much this is first now
before I did all this here I put a
seasoned salt is all garlic salt no
little pepper black pepper and seasoned
salt in this here okay in the meat okay
now put this bread up in here
make it bread it gets off up in there
okay you see that there I think I need
one more piece of bread I was kind of
sure that and that's what I use to end
piece the bread foam now I don't want to
eat the end pieces so I use the end
piece of bread for that okay yeah put
that in there hold on one second let me
get one one date for this these pans got
butter in them okay so this is what I'm
gonna put the Meat Loaf's in because you
can make them now eat even if you cook
them it's ok you can freeze them okay
looked at one in there
you will know how to make some of this
you think I'll go I'll go learn as you
go
push your next video we put you're gonna
do what here are you gonna do it
sometime this week hold on man hold on
okay they love season in here
well I guess they say see the boy if
everybody do and what did I say how
much to use a little why for this beer
is to my right it's tears okay
this is it I'm not for sure and I can't
taste raw meat okay how much I'm gonna
put a little more seasoned salt in here
well no I don't see any other soil no or
not because there's a lot of goddamn
meat and I don't fix the other me head
to my season in it okay now this is what
you do you see there okay you get your
piece out and you form that to
make it meet this right
here come on over here put it right in
there make it fall up in there okay yeah
down there put the other one in here I'm
using the same pot again huh that's to
keep from messing up dishes I know that
Don calling me but I can't answer her
right now because I'm doing this here
okay back it up
I'm not deaf if you don't have money for
Thanksgiving turkey and ham and all of
that there that this will be something a
little bit really nice for you to write
yeah this would be something check on
Martin check on my arm my dressing see
what I'm talking about
it's not quite done you want to get it
little more brown on top okay it's
almost ready
okay okay little brown on top you good
you're good to go
ah let me see you go do your bread
pudding and I'm finished watching this
video how long that okay I'll buy back
that's it